Makes PersistentEntityXyz.md implementation agnostic (#2399)
lagom/lagom: docs/manual/scala/guide/cluster/PersistentEntityRDBMS.md

## Configuration

> Lagom uses the [`akka-persistence-jdbc`](https://github.com/dnvriend/akka-persistence-jdbc) plugin.  This supports four different relational databases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lagom uses the [`akka-persistence-jdbc`](https://github.com/dnvriend/akka-persistence-jdbc) plugin.  This supports the following relational databases:
```
